Practice Problem Instructions
=============================

There will be a directory (folder) loosely corresponding to the topics of the
week, numbered 1,2,3...and so on.  I may add more of these as the semester
goes on.

Generally speaking, each exercise is in a `.cpp` file.  There will be a
comment at the top of each one labeled "TODO" with the question / specific
instructions.  You should **edit these cpp files directly** when doing the
exercises.  If you feel uneasy about losing the original content, don't worry
-- you can use `git` to see the original after you've modified it.  Just ask
me to show you how.


Checklists
----------

In most directories, you will also find a `checklist` file.  These are to help
you keep track of your progress, but they also give a recommended order in
which to attempt the exercises (more difficult or more involved exercises
appear near the end).


Makefiles
---------

I will put a `Makefile` in each directory which will turn each `xyz.cpp` into
a runnable program named `xyz`.  All you should have to do to compile is run
`make` from within one of those directories.  The unmodified problem files
should compile (the few exceptions are clearly noted).


Grading
-------

Remember, it is **NOT** important (grade-wise) that your work on these
practice problems is correct!  You only need to convince the TA that you have
been working sincerely on solving them.  In fact, if you have correct answers
to them *which you cannot explain*, you might not get credit at all.  As such,
it will be important to document your attempts, one way or another (could be
in the form of non-working programs and/or notes of your thought process, what
you tried, what you expected to happen, what actually happened, etc.).


Answer key / feedback
---------------------

I do not want to publish an answer key, as I fear that it might tempt people
to try to memorize a bunch of solutions, or otherwise discourage them from
doing the work themselves.  However, if you want to check your answers with
me, I will be more than happy to give feedback.  Just ask me in office hours
or on piazza.
